com/commonsware/cwac/camera/CameraUtils.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraUtils
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraUtils$1
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraUtils$SizeComparator
com/android/mms/exif/JpegHeader.java
 com.android.mms.exif.JpegHeader
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/PreviewStrategy.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.PreviewStrategy
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/BuildConfig.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.BuildConfig
com/android/mms/exif/ExifData.java
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifData
com/android/mms/exif/ExifParser.java
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifParser
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifParser$ExifTagEvent
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifParser$IfdEvent
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifParser$ImageEvent
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/DeviceProfile.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.DeviceProfile
com/android/mms/exif/ExifTag.java
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifTag
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/CameraView.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraView
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraView$1
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraView$OnOrientationChange
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraView$PictureTransactionCallback
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/ZoomTransaction.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.ZoomTransaction
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/SimpleCameraHost.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.SimpleCameraHost
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.SimpleCameraHost$Builder
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/TexturePreviewStrategy.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.TexturePreviewStrategy
com/android/mms/exif/ExifInvalidFormatException.java
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInvalidFormatException
com/android/mms/exif/ExifModifier.java
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifModifier
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifModifier$TagOffset
com/android/mms/exif/ExifReader.java
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifReader
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/PictureTransaction.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.PictureTransaction
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/CameraHostProvider.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraHostProvider
com/android/mms/exif/Rational.java
 com.android.mms.exif.Rational
com/android/mms/exif/OrderedDataOutputStream.java
 com.android.mms.exif.OrderedDataOutputStream
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/SimpleDeviceProfile.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.SimpleDeviceProfile
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.SimpleDeviceProfile$MotorolaRazrI
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/SurfacePreviewStrategy.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.SurfacePreviewStrategy
com/android/mms/exif/ByteBufferInputStream.java
 com.android.mms.exif.ByteBufferInputStream
com/android/mms/exif/ExifInterface.java
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$ColorSpace
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$ComponentsConfiguration
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$Compression
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$Contrast
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$ExposureMode
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$ExposureProgram
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$FileSource
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$Flash
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$GainControl
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$GpsAltitudeRef
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$GpsDifferential
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$GpsLatitudeRef
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$GpsLongitudeRef
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$GpsMeasureMode
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$GpsSpeedRef
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$GpsStatus
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$GpsTrackRef
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$LightSource
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$MeteringMode
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$Orientation
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$PhotometricInterpretation
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$PlanarConfiguration
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$ResolutionUnit
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$Saturation
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$SceneCapture
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$SceneType
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$SensingMethod
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$Sharpness
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$SubjectDistance
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$WhiteBalance
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifInterface$YCbCrPositioning
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/CameraFragment.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraFragment
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/CameraHost.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraHost
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraHost$FailureReason
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.CameraHost$RecordingHint
com/android/mms/exif/ExifOutputStream.java
 com.android.mms.exif.ExifOutputStream
com/android/mms/exif/CountedDataInputStream.java
 com.android.mms.exif.CountedDataInputStream
com/commonsware/cwac/camera/ImageCleanupTask.java
 com.commonsware.cwac.camera.ImageCleanupTask
com/android/mms/exif/IfdData.java
 com.android.mms.exif.IfdData
com/android/mms/exif/IfdId.java
 com.android.mms.exif.IfdId
